hello lovers hair you kirill
chuprinin football project and channels
passing it to Vedic football
referred to as 11 meters
it's time to tell you about the little one
bright Belgians his name is too well known
so I called him but by tradition
will do it
meet eden azar azar this season
Chelsea has become a real leader regularly
scores beat assists and
be creative and will applaud the bridge
went van falls asleep venger compliments
Azara is called the best
young player
but in my opinion it's too loud I would
preferred the words most replaced by one
of it will be honest what to say
Chelsea in which now boils and boils
adjustment broth at the moment
saved by most thanks and
Well, it's stupid to deny he's a leader.
in many ways and this progress
as I think, Azar owes not the caretaker for
which freed the Belgians from unnecessary
rotation competition which harmed
Azarov the very beginning of the season of course Chelsea
not a team of one player well, almost
every goal is complete without participation
our hero and that means get up and Londoner
the gap is indispensable given the drowns now
toothless plays center attack
pensioners want to note that by
compared to last season one
acquired another important component
who answers a great player from
just good this component
stability of the match match he plays
about the same level and swords
it became much easier for him
there was even some azarovsky kidney
solo pass on the flank with offset
center aisle penalty and at the end
all this sighted and introductory blow though
mourinho publicly disown
title claim this season
but in fact we all understand
the real state of things in this
this game zara can be a pledge
chelsea on the successful completion of the current
campaigns nothing chelsea theoretically
Now we are in the first place
ahead of the world championship which if
look at things soberly
shores no claims for between
they have a number of rising stars
the head of these stars eden azar as in opinion
dark horses of the upcoming world championship
knows what's going to happen after all
talents in the world cup usually
shine even more when
him let azar wish in his
case happened the same thing and I am with you
say goodbye
as always, I wish you all the best
good luck love football